feature: Maestro Introduction Presentation (#731)
AI4quantum/maestro: docs/presentation_script.md

# Maestro Presentation Script (10 minutes)

## Introduction (1 minute)
Good [morning/afternoon/evening], everyone. Today, I'm excited to introduce you to Maestro, an orchestration framework for AI agents that addresses a critical challenge in the AI development landscape. While Large Language Models have become increasingly powerful, building robust applications with them remains complex. Maestro simplifies this process by providing a structured way to coordinate multiple AI agents, manage workflows, and integrate external tools.

> Maestro is an open-source project under the Apache-2.0 license that started in January 2025, primarily written in Python. Let's dive into what makes it special.

Reviewer: technically 1st commit was in Nov 2024 (ask me how I know :smiley: )

```suggestion
Maestro is an open-source project under the Apache-2.0 license that started in November 2024, primarily written in Python. Let's dive into what makes it special.
```

- **YAML Configuration**: Define agents and workflows using simple, readable YAML files
- **Flexible Deployment**: Run locally, in containers, or on Kubernetes

This flexibility allows developers to build sophisticated AI applications without getting bogged down in implementation details.

## Agents in Maestro (2 minutes)
Agents are the building blocks of any Maestro application. The framework supports multiple agent types to fit different needs:

- **BeeAI**: Our default agent framework with both local and remote options
- **CrewAI**: For those already using the CrewAI framework
- **DSPy**: Integration with DSPy for enhanced reasoning capabilities
- **OpenAI**: Direct integration with OpenAI's powerful models
- **Code**: Execute arbitrary Python code as part of your workflow
- **Custom**: Create your own agent implementations for specialized needs
- **Remote**: Connect to remote agent services
- **Mock**: For testing and development purposes

Let me show you how simple it is to define an agent in Maestro. Here's an example YAML configuration:

```yaml
apiVersion: maestro/v1alpha1
kind: Agent
metadata:
  name: weather
  labels:
    app: weather
spec:

>   model: llama3.1:latest

Reviewer: nit: I would use a newer model for the example

Author: I update it, thanks!
